README.md, before:

# Battleship Game

This is a recreation of the classic game battleship, in which two players take turns attacking each other's board blindly until all the enemy ships have been sunk. I created this project using Javascript, as this is yet another project from the The Odin Project curriculum.

The way this website works is that the user will first place their ships on the board: a carrier, a battleship, two cruisers and a destroyer. While placing the ships the user can click where he wants to place them on the grid, as well as their alignment, that can be vertical or horizontal. The user can then start the game and play against the computer, with both players taking turns in attacking each other's board. The game ends once all ships have been sunk for either one of the players, after which the game can be restarted... which just reloads the page.

This was a challenging project to work with, and i do think the resulting code is slightly messy, but it was fun. The main purpose of this project was to serve as an introduction to Test-Driven Development (TTD), and it was definitively an interesting experience. I still have to practice a little but i do find it very useful. I first created the modules for the gameboard, players and ship logic and then moved on to DOM interacion and styling with CSS. I think i should probably study more about how game development works, as i get lost easily while trying to code any kind of game logic.

I still need to add some sort of AI to this project, so it is not completely finished just yet. Currently the computer just chooses random coordinates to play, so its almost impossible for a player to lose a match. Onde done it should be a fun game to play.

Commit message:

Added AI for computer player, as well as removed some legacy code left behind on previous version

README.md, after:

# Battleship Game

This is a recreation of the classic game battleship, in which two players take turns attacking each other's board blindly until all the enemy ships have been sunk. I created this project using Javascript, as this is yet another project from the The Odin Project curriculum.

The way this website works is that the user will first place their ships on the board: a carrier, a battleship, two cruisers and a destroyer. While placing the ships the user can click where he wants to place them on the grid, as well as their alignment, that can be vertical or horizontal. The user can then start the game and play against the computer, with both players taking turns in attacking each other's board. The game ends once all ships have been sunk for either one of the players, after which the game can be restarted... which just reloads the page.

This was a challenging project to work with, and i do think the resulting code is slightly messy, but it was fun. The main purpose of this project was to serve as an introduction to Test-Driven Development (TTD), and it was definitively an interesting experience. I still have to practice a little but i do find it very useful. I first created the modules for the gameboard, players and ship logic and then moved on to DOM interacion and styling with CSS. I think i should probably study more about how game development works, as i get lost easily while trying to code any kind of game logic.

To finish it off, i added an AI for the computer, so that the user has to at least worry about the possibility of losing the game. The AI is not perfect, there are improvements that can be done on it and in general it is not too difficult to win against, but i am quite satisfied with how it turned out, and it sure does make the game more fun to play.
